*Open* with a flyover of avenues and streets, all deserted. Closeup of an overturned __Nuts4Nuts__ stand, with the
umbrella rolling slowly through the street and coming to a stop. Big zoomout of the city, where we see the zombie
army moving south from the north. Ominous noises. A depressing voice begins singing in the background (Christina Aguilera)
Pan to 89th street, covered in fog. As it zooms in on Dalton, we hear loud bangs and yells -- the normal sounds of robotics. Cut to 5th floor. There is yelling, chaos, people running
around. MSW and Charlie are trying to get the attention of the students as they are fighting.

MSW: "Guys! You're not getting anything done so I'm giving you an assessment because apparently your impending zombie **doom** is not sufficient to make you work together!"

Devin(in a fit of terror): "Oh no! Will it affect our grades?"

Liam: "Haha sucks for all of you that aren't into college and still have to think about grades."

MSW: "Your new assessment is seeing how lethal to zombies you can make your robot. This will be measured by speed, number of weapons included, and ultimately how many zombies you destroy."

Charlie: “Ok, Let’s get to work. First things first: we have to figure out what we will need and spend thousands of dollars ordering them. Now, lets spend all of class making groups and sub groups!” 

All: “YEAH! Great plan!”

*All of the students stand around, questioning what exactly they are actually going to do. Andrew stands up, still focusing on the world championship that just happened

Andrew: "We actually did so well at World's, we are honestly so good guys, I don't even care about this new assessment."

Dillon (very upset): "ANDREW, focus!!"

*Zach, Andrew, and Dillon, Liam, and Devin all bicker in the corner over possible methods for creating a robot lethal to the oncoming zombies
Small parts of the conversation are overheard:
"Are you kidding Andrew that's way too complicated!"
"Daniel, you know that isn't tetrix! START AUTONOMOUS ALREADY!"
"Liam, everyone already knows where you're going to college, we need to survive first though!"

*Robert Downey Jr. enters (applause) and goes over to bickering robotics members.*

RDJ: Now now everyone, if we don’t all work together how are we going to defeat the zombies?

Andrew: And who exactly are you?

Liam: This is my friend … (cut off by RDJ)

RDJ: YOU DON’T KNOW WHO I AM? Are you kidding me?

Andrew: Um…

RDJ: You’ll pay for that!

*RDJ begins running around the room, fighting with Andrew. Lots of stuff almost breaks, with the other members of the team running around them
catching stuff as it drops off tables*

*Emily enters with a large bag, baked goods inside.
Emily: "Guys stop fighting, I brought homemade cookies! They are so delicious!"

RDJ (stops fighting abruptly): Ooh! I like cookies. Ok I think this guy got the message.

*Emily's friend Britney (Christina Aguilera) is still singing sadly in the corner of the room

Britney (wailing): Emilyy, what are we going to do?

Emily: Stay positive!

*Britney looks upset then angry as the zombie inside begins to take over her mind

Charlie: "Let's start by barricading the stairwell, and disabling the elevator. That will give us more time to finish the robot, AKA extension, you're welcome!"

The scene pans and fades to darkness, with slightly more optimistic music.  It reopens in the robotics room,
with two people left to work on the battle robot.  They struggle to put a kep nut into one hard to reach
place, and as a result there is an immense amount of bickering. The camera pans to Britney's face spying on the progress of the
robot every couple minutes.

Andrew: Damn! My hands are too big for this. Go get Dillon.

Daniel: Andrew what is the functionality of this piece you and Liam are making?

Liam: Well, if you look at the way these pieces are placed and the rotation angles, you can see that we are saving power by making the knives scissor like this.
This is our "beta" design, meaning that it is more reliable but with a lower ceiling. If you look over here at this knife-spinning flame thrower, you can see our "alpha" design ... 

Ella: Liam, this isn't a judge interview. I just wanted to know what you were making. 

*Ella, Daniel and Liam begin fighting, as Andrew gets his hand caught in the robot and starts yelling for Dillon. There is general
chaos, other people begin to join in the argument. Makoto walks up, holding a fully built robot*

Makoto: Guys, I think I have something that may be useful.

*Nobody pays attention to him, not even Britney*

Makoto: No, really, this could help us a lot.

Andrew: Oh good Makoto! Help me fit this kep nut into place.

Eliana: What’s a kep nut?

Andrew: Don’t worry about it. 

Liam: Where are you at with memorizing those rules? You probably have another few volumes to go. You should go do that.

Eliana: Are you messing with me? 

Makoto (putting the robot on the table): Look at this. It's just a prototype but I think we might be able to get something useful out of it.

Zach: What is all of that?

Makoto (pointing at various parts of the robot): These are your basic disemboweling tools, a hacksaw, garden shears, you know.
They're connected to a scissor lift because I couldn't find a different way to make them both fit, but we should definitely change
that for the next iteration. I'm also trying to find a way to fit a flamethrower on so we can be throwing knives through the zombies 
then using these weak spots to set them on fire. Obviously this is all very basic right now and definitely needs a lot of work.

Meet: Wow! That's sick! How did you make that so fast?

Makoto: I don't know, I've had some ideas for stuff like this before. 

Nathaniel: I'm working on implementing code that will allow it to slingshot knives that are already on fire.

Carisa: Doesn't that sound a little dangerous?

Liam: Guys, I just got all my popcorn postmated here. I need to pick it up.

Westley: Postmates is still running in a zombie apocalypse?

Liam: Yeah. They’re a great service.

Devin: Don't you live like 6 blocks away?

Liam: Hey, I don’t want to be outside in a zombie apocalypse. Oh, they’re here. I’ll be back. *Goes and waits for elevator. Returns several minutes later with several bags of popcorn.*

*Devin gets a phone call

Devin: Hey guys, it turns out I have three back-to-back Model UN conferences and a soccer match so I might not be able to come to many build sessions. 

*Devin runs out hastily printing 2,000 pages of Peruvian tinder export statistics. 

*Scene pans out once again, with the sound of Liam munching his popcorn permeating the silence.  It reopens with Dylan,
Davis and Aryav fiddling with a ball launcher.  Meanwhile, Andrew's hand is still stuck in the robot as he's in the corner
yelling for Daniel.  The rest of the group is in a different room practicing with their robots, noises of the functioning robot
can be heard in the distance.

Aryav: Are you guys sure we should keep on trying to build a ball launcher?

Dylan and Davis together (yelling): LAUNCH NEVER DIES!!!

Andrew(increasing in tone of voice): Guys!  GUYS!  MY HAND IS STUCK, GET DANIEL!  I NEED TO GET THIS KEP NUT IN!

Dylan (yelling with Andrew as well now): DANIEL! DANIEL!

Davis: Guys can you be quiet right now, I'm really close to getting this launcher to work now and I need to concentrate. WHERE IS THE REST OF MY TEAM. 

Aryav (Ambling around with nothing to do): Hey guys, I'm gonna go help them reset the practice field, I think we can break 30 seconds on the reset time.

Mattori: I'm hungry. You think we can still get delivery? Does Chipotle even deliver? 

Meet: You just had a 3 lox bagels how are you still hungry? 

Mattori: I'm a growing boy. 

Meet: Shut up and help me with the code you monkey. Goddammit where is Sitöe? 

*Mattori checks his phone.

Mattori: She says she's gonna be late. Does this mean I can leave and play hearthstone now? 

OtherBen: Guys I just posted a timelapse of the zombie apocalypse on the r/FTC subreddit and I got 22 UPVOTES!!!

Makoto: We should just let the zombies take us. It'll just be more efficient at this rate. 

*Aryav walks out

*Andrew and Dylan still yelling for Daniel

Davis: I can't deal with this anymore, Andrew... I think you're using the wrong hex to screw that in.  Let me find the right one.

Dylan: Don't we need to build the launcher though?

Davis: It's fine, we have two more days until it has to be finished.

*As he finishes this sentence the tape on the launcher falls off the launcher, completely made of cardboard, and falls fall to pieces*

*Davis and Dylan are both crestfallenly staring at the pieces of cardboard and tape on the floor*

*Robert shows up and sees a sad Davis and Dylan*

Robert: Oh... Don’t worry guys, we can just tape it back—-

*pile of tape and cardboard spontaneously catches fire*

Robert: Never mind.

*Alex walks in holding a huge box of coffee beans 

Alex: Hey guys anyone want some coffee?

All: ALEX! WHY ARE YOU MAKING COFFEE RIGHT NOW - ZOMBIES ARE LITERALLY GOING TO KILL US.

Alex: Well… I mean… We have all of these beans and I just got a whole new shipment in… so why not? Also while I’m at it has anybody seen my coffee roaster? 
Its pretty cool and if you turn your attention to—- 

*Alex continues to ramble on about his coffee as the scene fades to darkness and brightens up in the hallway. 

*Davis walks outside to find the the right hex key for Andrew.  The camera tracks him out of the room with the noise of general's
launcher misfiring in the background and cheers of 'launch never dies' accompanying it. The camera begins to fade as the episode
draws to a close, distant cheers coming from the people who are practicing with their finished robots.  The scene seems optimistic
but in a strained way, as the camera is about to go black, we hear the Davis' footsteps along with his frightened yell of panic
and everything goes black.
